vmware: Add a note about known issue (#73273)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/vmware_scenarios/vmware_requirements.rst

       password: '{{ vcenter_password }}'
     environment:
       REQUESTS_CA_BUNDLE: /var/vmware/certs/vcenter1.crt

> There is a `known issue <https://github.com/psf/requests/issues/3829>`_ in ``requests`` library (version 2) which you may want to consider while using this environment variable. Basically, setting ``REQUESTS_CA_BUNDLE`` environment variable on managed nodes overrides ``validate_certs`` value. This may result in unexpected behaviour while running the playbook. Please see https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.vmware/issues/601 and https://github.com/vmware/vsphere-automation-sdk-python/issues/254 for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a `known issue <https://github.com/psf/requests/issues/3829>`_ in ``requests`` library (version 2) which you may want to consider when using this environment variable. Basically, setting ``REQUESTS_CA_BUNDLE`` environment variable on managed nodes overrides the ``validate_certs`` value. This may result in unexpected behavior while running the playbook. Please see https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.vmware/issues/601 and https://github.com/vmware/vsphere-automation-sdk-python/issues/254 for more information.
```

> There is a `known issue <https://github.com/psf/requests/issues/3829>`_ in ``requests`` library (version 2) which you may want to consider when using this environment variable. Basically, setting ``REQUESTS_CA_BUNDLE`` environment variable on managed nodes overrides the ``validate_certs`` value. This may result in unexpected behavior while running the playbook. Please see https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.vmware/issues/601 and https://github.com/vmware/vsphere-automation-sdk-python/issues/254 for more information.

Reviewer 2: Hi 
Does rst transform bare url into hyperlink else can you make urls hyperlinks ?

Reviewer: added urls.

> There is a `known issue <https://github.com/psf/requests/issues/3829>`_ in ``requests`` library (version 2) which you may want to consider when using this environment variable. Basically, setting ``REQUESTS_CA_BUNDLE`` environment variable on managed nodes overrides the ``validate_certs`` value. This may result in unexpected behavior while running the playbook. Please see https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.vmware/issues/601 and https://github.com/vmware/vsphere-automation-sdk-python/issues/254 for more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There is a `known issue <https://github.com/psf/requests/issues/3829>`_ in ``requests`` library (version 2) which you may want to consider when using this environment variable. Basically, setting ``REQUESTS_CA_BUNDLE`` environment variable on managed nodes overrides the ``validate_certs`` value. This may result in unexpected behavior while running the playbook. Please see `community.vmware issue 601 <https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.vmware/issues/601>`_ and `vmware issue 254 <https://github.com/vmware/vsphere-automation-sdk-python/issues/254>`_ for more information.
```
